```json
{
  "act": [13, 15],
  "chapter_plans": [
    {
      "chapter": 13,
      "title": "The Paper Audit",
      "slug": "the-paper-audit",
      "one_line_summary": "Mae prints the local credential audit from the board terminal, creating independent physical evidence that Grant's master credential was used during deleted intervals, and hides it in a cookbook.",
      "beat_summary": "Lena brings Calder to Mae's apartment. Mae explains the board terminal prints a local master-credential audit even when the cloud dashboard is edited. Mae prints it — Grant's credential ID, entry timestamps, Lena's unit, intervals matching missing footage, a terminal verification code — and hides it in a cookbook. Grant's account logs that the terminal was accessed, not what was printed or where it is held. Primary turn: the plan gains an independent physical record Grant cannot remotely erase.",
      "opens_with": "\"'The terminal keeps its own log.' Mae's voice was low, deliberate, as if she had been waiting to say this. 'Grant can delete the cloud dashboard. He cannot delete what the board terminal prints. That is a local audit. It has a verification code. And it is not connected to his admin account.' She looked at Lena. 'You told me to wait. I am done waiting.'\"",
      "cliffhanger": "Calder closes his notebook and looks at the monitor. Lena is standing at her kitchen counter, the printed audit in her hand. She does not look at his window. She folds the paper into thirds and places it inside the cookbook on her shelf. Then she turns, walks to the window, and pulls the curtain closed for the first time since he arrived.",
      "must_happen": [
        "[ROMANCE] Lena guides Calder to Mae's apartment by touching his wrist — a brief, deliberate contact that says follow me, not trust me. Calder feels the warmth of her fingers before she releases him. He does not reach for her again. He follows.",
        "Mae explains that the condominium board terminal prints a local master-credential audit that is independent of the cloud dashboard Grant controls. 'The cloud shows what Grant wants it to show. The terminal shows what happened.'",
        "Mae logs into the board terminal using her secretary credentials. She navigates to the access audit function and selects the date range matching Lena's surveillance period.",
        "The printed audit shows Grant's master credential ID, timestamps of entry into Lena's unit, the intervals matching the deleted footage, and a terminal verification code. Mae hands the printout to Lena.",
        "Lena reads the audit, then hands it to Calder. 'This is the independent record. Grant cannot delete this.' Calder examines it — the timestamps match what he saw in his unedited footage.",
        "Mae hides the printed audit inside a cookbook on her kitchen shelf. 'He will not look here. He does not cook. He does not know I cook.'",
        "Grant messages Calder: 'Mae accessed the board terminal today. Any idea why?' Calder replies: 'No. She was in her apartment all day. Routine.' He does not mention the audit.",
        "[PLANT C010] Mae prints the local credential audit from the board terminal. Shows Grant's master credential was used during deleted intervals.",
        "[PLANT C021] Mae's printed credential audit. Shows Grant's master credential was used during the intervals when footage was deleted.",
        "[REVEAL MR06] Mae prints the local credential audit. Independent physical evidence survives digital deletion."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT reveal the full planner and red-receipt system to Calder — that is reserved for Chapter Fourteen.",
        "Do NOT reveal that Lena controlled the decisive sequence of visible events — Calder does not learn this until Chapter Fourteen.",
        "Do NOT reveal the exact contents of the envelope — Lena still controls what Calder knows.",
        "Do NOT re-fire MR05 or re-payoff C008 — those were completed in Chapter Twelve."
      ],
      "opens_with": "\"'The terminal keeps its own log.' Mae's voice was low, deliberate, as if she had been waiting to say this. 'Grant can delete the cloud dashboard. He cannot delete what the board terminal prints. That is a local audit. It has a verification code. And it is not connected to his admin account.' She looked at Lena. 'You told me to wait. I am done waiting.'\"",
      "cliffhanger": "Calder closes his notebook and looks at the monitor. Lena is standing at her kitchen counter, the printed audit in her hand. She does not look at his window. She folds the paper into thirds and places it inside the cookbook on her shelf. Then she turns, walks to the window, and pulls the curtain closed for the first time since he arrived.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "The terminal verification code is a seven-digit number printed at the bottom of the audit, unique to each terminal session. Mae memorizes it before hiding the paper.",
      "emotional_beat": "Calder watches Lena pull the curtain closed and feels the weight of her trust — she let him see the audit, but she still controls when he can see her. The intimacy of Chapter Eleven feels distant now, replaced by the machinery of evidence.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "",
      "chapter_task": "Write Chapter Thirteen — 1600-1900 words. Execute the beat 'The Paper Audit': Mae prints the local credential audit from the board terminal. Plant C010 and C021 using their exact semantics from clue_catalog. Fire MR06: 'Mae prints the local credential audit. Independent physical evidence survives digital deletion.' Grant messages Calder about Mae's terminal access; Calder deflects. Do NOT reveal the full planner or controlled visibility. End with Lena pulling the curtain closed — a deliberate boundary after sharing the audit.",
      "carries_to_next": "Mae has printed the local credential audit and hidden it in a cookbook. Grant knows Mae accessed the terminal but does not know what was printed or where it is held. Calder has seen the audit and understands it corroborates his unedited footage. The evidence chain now includes an independent physical record Grant cannot remotely erase. Calder still does not know the full scope of Lena's controlled visibility. The curtain closing signals a shift: Lena is preparing for the final phase, and Calder's access is about to be tested."
    },
    {
      "chapter": 14,
      "title": "What She Let Him See",
      "slug": "what-she-let-him-see",
      "one_line_summary": "Lena shows Calder the complete planner and explains she detected the surveillance in Chapter Three, controlled what he observed, and designed the honeytoken as a diagnostic test that became an evidence trap.",
      "beat_summary": "Lena shows Calder the complete planner — timestamps, red-receipt placements, door-seal checks, the honeytoken entry. She explains: she detected the reflected light in Chapter Three; red receipts marked suspected intrusions; repeated routines tested what reached Grant; the visible packing was controlled; the envelope began as a honeytoken; she did not know Calder kept originals until Chapter Nine, nor that the removal was recorded until Chapter Twelve; some intimate views were left visible deliberately; other parts of her life were kept outside his sightline. Her plan changed as she learned; she designed tests with multiple outcomes and kept only independently verifiable results. Primary turn: Calder and reader learn Lena controlled the meaning of the surveillance since Chapter Three without impossible knowledge.",
      "opens_with": "\"'You want to know what I knew and when I knew it.' Lena opened her planner to the first marked page. 'I will show you everything. But I need you to understand something first: I did not know you kept originals. I did not know you recorded the envelope. I designed tests that would work even if you were entirely Grant's. The fact that you were not does not mean I planned for you.' She turned the planner toward me. 'This is what I knew. This is when I knew it. And this is what I let you see.'\"",
      "cliffhanger": "Calder closes his notebook and looks at the monitor. Lena is sitting at her kitchen table, the planner closed in front of her. She does not look at his window. She does not pull the curtain. She waits. Calder realizes: she has shown him everything she knew. The question is not whether he believes her. The question is whether he can accept that he was never the one in control.",
      "must_happen": [
        "[ROMANCE] Lena places her hand on the planner, then looks at Calder. 'I let you see certain things. I let you think certain things. That does not mean I was performing for you. It means I was testing you.' Calder feels the distance between them — not cold, but measured. She is not pushing him away. She is making him see her clearly before he decides what he wants.",
        "Lena opens her planner to the first entry: the date she detected the reflected camera status light in Calder's window. 'Chapter Three. I did not know your name. I did not know who hired you. But I knew someone was watching.'",
        "Lena shows Calder the red-receipt system: each folded receipt placed beside a disturbed object, each entry logged with a timestamp. 'Every time Grant entered, I marked it. The receipts cannot be remotely altered. The planner cannot be hacked.'",
        "Lena shows Calder the door-seal log: 'Every morning before my walk, I placed a clear seal on the doorframe. Every time I returned, I checked. If the seal was broken, I logged the entry.'",
        "Lena explains the repeated routines: 'I repeated certain actions to see what reached Grant. If he mentioned something I did only once, I knew it was reported. If he missed something I did every day, I knew the observation was filtered.'",
        "Lena shows Calder the honeytoken entry: the tracking number, the clip mark, the unique phrase. 'I did not know you recorded the envelope removal. I designed the test so that even without video, the phrase would prove interception.'",
        "Lena explains the controlled visibility: 'I let you see the morning walks, the planner, the doorframe checks. I did not let you see the red receipts until Chapter Eleven. I did not let you see the full planner until now. Some intimate moments were visible because I chose them to be. Others were kept outside your sightline because they were mine.'",
        "[PAYOFF C011] Lena's paper planner with timestamps, red-receipt placements, and door-seal checks. Cannot be remotely altered.",
        "[PAYOFF C012] Folded red receipts placed beside disturbed objects. Build a physical timeline of Grant's entries.",
        "[PAYOFF C013] Clear doorframe seals. Lena places them before her morning walks and checks them upon return.",
        "[PAYOFF C014] Lena's repeated routines are revealed as diagnostic tests, not compulsion. Each test was designed to map what reaches Grant and what Calder records.",
        "[REVEAL MR07] Full control reveal. Lena explains the planner, red receipts, door seals, and honeytoken strategy. Calder learns he was watched, predicted, and directed.",
        "[DISPEL RH01] Lena's visible forgetfulness and paranoia in Chapters 1-2 appear to be genuine deterioration. Revealed as manufactured by Grant's manipulation and Lena's controlled visibility.",
        "[DISPEL RH02] Lena's repeated routines appear to be compulsion or stress behavior. Revealed as diagnostic tests."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT reveal the exact contents of the envelope — Lena does not show the false packing checklist or the key-return plan.",
        "Do NOT reveal the full staging or the climax plan — Lena still controls what Calder learns about the settlement strategy.",
        "Do NOT reveal that Calder's access remains conditional — he must not assume the full planner grants ownership.",
        "Do NOT re-fire any previously fired reveal — MR06 was completed in Chapter Thirteen."
      ],
      "signature_detail_hint": "The planner's spine is cracked at the honeytoken page, as if Lena has opened it to that entry hundreds of times. The red receipts are folded with precise triangles, each crease identical.",
      "emotional_beat": "Calder feels the weight of Lena's revelation — not betrayal, but exposure. He was never the watcher. He was the watched. The intimacy they shared was real, but it happened within boundaries she set. He does not know if he can trust what he felt, or if it was always part of her test.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "",
      "chapter_task": "Write Chapter Fourteen — 1600-1900 words. Execute the beat 'What She Let Him See': Lena shows Calder the complete planner and explains she detected the surveillance in Chapter Three, controlled what he observed, and designed the honeytoken as a diagnostic test. Payoff C011, C012, C013, and C014 using their exact semantics from clue_catalog. Fire MR07: 'Full control reveal. Lena explains the planner, red receipts, door seals, and honeytoken strategy. Calder learns he was watched, predicted, and directed.' Dispel RH01 and RH02. Do NOT reveal the full staging or climax plan. End with Lena waiting for Calder to accept that he was never in control.",
      "carries_to_next": "Lena has revealed the full scope of her controlled visibility. Calder knows she detected him in Chapter Three, designed diagnostic tests, and controlled what he observed. The central mystery is resolved. Calder must now decide whether he can accept that he was never the watcher. The evidence chain is nearly complete. The next step is transferring the evidence to Detective Cross so it no longer depends on Calder's loyalty or survival."
    },
    {
      "chapter": 15,
      "title": "The Chain",
      "slug": "the-chain",
      "one_line_summary": "Lena, Calder, and Mae reconstruct and verify the evidence chain; Calder transfers one encrypted duplicate to Detective Cross, ensuring the evidence survives even if he disappears or changes sides.",
      "beat_summary": "Lena, Calder, and Mae reconstruct and verify the evidence chain: tracking number, clipped corner, honeytoken phrase, Grant's Ch12 instruction, original lobby footage, notebook timestamp, door-seal planner, master-access audit, contract, and daily reports. Calder makes one encrypted duplicate in their presence. Detective Imani Cross receives the duplicate, contract copy, tracking record, Grant's instruction message, and an evidence index. Cross promises no arrest; she will verify, preserve, remain available, and prevent the evidence from depending solely on Calder. No reconciliation, no sexual contact. Primary turn: the evidence survives even if Calder disappears or changes sides.",
      "opens_with": "\"'If something happens to me, the evidence dies with me.' I said it flatly, the way I said everything about my work. Lena did not flinch. 'That is why we are giving it to Cross.' She placed the evidence index on the table — a single page, typed, with every item numbered. 'This is what we have. This is what it proves. And this is what happens if you disappear.'\"",
      "cliffhanger": "Calder closes his notebook and looks at the monitor. Lena is standing at her kitchen counter, the evidence index in her hand. She does not look at his window. She folds the paper and places it inside her planner. Then she turns, walks to the window, and pulls the curtain open. She looks directly at his camera, holds the gaze for three seconds, and nods. Calder understands: she is not waiting for his decision. She has already made hers. The evidence is safe. What happens between them now is separate.",
      "must_happen": [
        "[ROMANCE] Lena and Calder sit at her kitchen table, the evidence spread between them. She does not touch him. He does not reach for her. 'After this,' she says, 'the evidence is not yours. It is not mine. It belongs to the record.' Calder nods. 'I know.' She looks at him. 'Do you understand what that means? It means I do not need you anymore.' Calder feels the weight of her words — not rejection, but liberation. He is no longer necessary. He can choose.",
        "Lena, Calder, and Mae gather in Lena's apartment. They spread the evidence across the kitchen table: tracking number, clipped corner, honeytoken phrase, Grant's Ch12 instruction message, original lobby footage on Calder's drive, notebook timestamp, door-seal planner, master-access audit, contract, and daily reports.",
        "Lena creates an evidence index: a single typed page listing each item, its source, its date, and what it proves. She reads it aloud, and Calder and Mae verify each entry.",
        "Calder makes one encrypted duplicate of the original surveillance archive in Lena's and Mae's presence. He uses a new drive, encrypts it with a key only Cross will hold, and seals it in an envelope.",
        "Calder contacts Detective Imani Cross through a secure channel. He tells her he has evidence of a crime and needs to transfer it to someone who will preserve it independently.",
        "Cross agrees to receive the evidence. She promises: no arrest based solely on the material; she will verify, preserve, and remain available; the evidence will not depend solely on Calder.",
        "Calder transfers the encrypted duplicate, contract copy, tracking record, Grant's instruction message, and the evidence index to Cross through a dead-drop method Calder has used before.",
        "[PLANT C015] Calder transfers one encrypted duplicate of the original surveillance archive to Detective Cross. The evidence index is also delivered.",
        "[PAYOFF C015] Calder transfers one encrypted duplicate of the original surveillance archive to Detective Cross. The evidence index is also delivered.",
        "[REVEAL MR08] Evidence transfer. Calder transfers one encrypted duplicate of the original surveillance archive to Detective Cross."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT include any reconciliation or sexual contact — the chapter deliberately lowers the emotional temperature.",
        "Do NOT reveal the full staging or climax plan — Lena still controls what Calder learns about the settlement strategy.",
        "Do NOT reveal that Calder's access remains conditional — he must not assume the evidence transfer grants ownership.",
        "Do NOT re-fire MR07 — the full control reveal was completed in Chapter Fourteen."
      ],
      "signature_detail_hint": "The dead-drop location is a loose brick in the wall behind the condominium's recycling bins. Calder places the envelope there at dusk, then messages Cross the coordinates. He does not watch her retrieve it.",
      "emotional_beat": "Calder feels the loss of control as he places the evidence in the dead-drop. For the first time since he started, he is not the sole custodian of the truth. He is a witness, not a gatekeeper. The freedom is unsettling.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "",
      "chapter_task": "Write Chapter Fifteen — 1600-1900 words. Execute the beat 'The Chain': Lena, Calder, and Mae reconstruct and verify the evidence chain. Calder makes one encrypted duplicate in their presence. Detective Cross receives the duplicate, contract copy, tracking record, Grant's instruction message, and evidence index. Plant and payoff C015 using its exact semantic from clue_catalog. Fire MR08: 'Evidence transfer. Calder transfers one encrypted duplicate of the original surveillance archive to Detective Cross.' No reconciliation, no sexual contact. End with Lena pulling the curtain open and nodding at Calder's camera — the evidence is safe, and what happens between them is now separate.",
      "carries_to_next": "The evidence chain is complete. Detective Cross holds an encrypted duplicate of the original surveillance archive, the contract, the tracking record, Grant's instruction message, and the evidence index. The evidence no longer depends on Calder's loyalty or survival. Lena has pulled the curtain open, signaling that the surveillance phase is ending. The settlement is in eight days. Calder must now decide what he wants after the evidence no longer needs him."
    }
  ]
}
```