```json
{
  "act": [16, 18],
  "chapter_plans": [
    {
      "chapter": 16,
      "title": "No Rescue",
      "slug": "no-rescue",
      "one_line_summary": "Grant's urgent inquiry about Mae's terminal access triggers Calder to tell Lena to leave the building; Lena refuses, revokes his personal access, and ends the relationship, permitting only the formal witness obligations already transferred to Cross.",
      "beat_summary": "Grant urgently messages Calder, demanding to know whether Lena obtained building records. Calder fears Grant will destroy evidence or re-enter the apartment. He goes to Lena and tells her to leave the building and let him control the rest. Lena refuses: leaving would support Grant's abandonment narrative, put her plan under Calder's control, let him repeat Grant's pattern, and break the rules she set in Chapter Ten. Calder keeps arguing. Lena revokes his personal access and ends the relationship, permitting only the formal witness obligations already transferred to Cross. Calder leaves without touching, recording, or taking anything, not knowing if she will ever speak to him again. Primary turn: Calder loses Lena because he tries to convert protection into control.",
      "must_happen": [
        "[ROMANCE] Calder stands in Lena's doorway, the argument already lost. 'I am trying to protect you.' Lena's voice is flat, final: 'No. You are trying to decide for me. That is the same thing Grant does.' Calder feels the distance between them — not anger, but a door closing. He has no right to argue. He has no right to stay.",
        "Grant messages Calder: 'Mae accessed the terminal today. I need to know what she printed. If Lena has records, the settlement changes.' Calder reads the message twice. He knows Grant is right to worry. He also knows Lena will not leave.",
        "Calder goes to Lena's apartment. He tells her Grant is panicking about the terminal access and may destroy evidence or re-enter. 'You need to leave the building. Let me handle the rest.'",
        "Lena refuses: 'Leaving supports his abandonment narrative. It puts my plan under your control. It lets you repeat his pattern. And it breaks the rules I set in Chapter Ten.'",
        "Calder keeps arguing: 'This is different. Grant is desperate. He will do something reckless.' Lena does not waver.",
        "Lena revokes Calder's personal access: 'You do not enter my apartment. You do not contact me outside the witness obligations you already transferred to Cross. The relationship is over.'",
        "Calder leaves without touching, recording, or taking anything. He stands in the courtyard, looking at her dark window, not knowing if she will ever speak to him again.",
        "[PLANT] No clues planted in Chapter 16 — the narrative_constraints.clue_catalog confirms no C-IDs for this chapter.",
        "[PAYOFF] No clues paid off in Chapter 16 — the narrative_constraints.clue_catalog confirms no C-IDs for this chapter.",
        "[REVEAL] No reveals fired in Chapter 16 — the narrative_constraints.reveal_catalog confirms no MR-IDs for this chapter."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT have Calder stay or argue further after Lena revokes access — he must leave immediately.",
        "Do NOT reveal the full planner or controlled visibility to Calder — those were already revealed in Chapter 14.",
        "Do NOT re-fire MR08 or re-payoff C015 — those were completed in Chapter 15.",
        "Do NOT include any reconciliation or sexual contact — Calder loses Lena's personal access entirely."
      ],
      "opens_with": "\"'She accessed the terminal.' Grant's voice on the message was clipped, urgent, the tone of a man who had just realized his lock was picked. 'I need to know what she printed. If Lena has records, the settlement changes.' I read the message twice, then looked at the monitor. Lena was at her kitchen table, the planner open, writing something I could not read from this angle. She did not look at my window. She did not need to. She already knew what I was about to do.\"",
      "cliffhanger": "Calder stands in the courtyard, looking at Lena's window. The light is on. She is at her kitchen table, writing in her planner. She does not look at his window. She does not pull the curtain. She does not acknowledge him. Calder realizes: she is not waiting for him to change his mind. She has already closed the door. He does not know if she will ever open it again.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "The clear doorframe seal on Lena's apartment door — Calder notices it is intact when he arrives, and he realizes she checked it before letting him in, even after everything they shared.",
      "emotional_beat": "Calder's attempt to protect Lena becomes the very control she refuses to accept; he loses her because he cannot stop trying to decide for her.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "No spice — the chapter is about the end of the relationship, not physical intimacy.",
      "chapter_task": "Write Chapter Sixteen — 1600-1900 words. Execute the beat 'No Rescue': Grant urgently asks Calder whether Lena obtained building records. Calder tells Lena to leave the building and let him control the rest. Lena refuses, revokes his personal access, and ends the relationship. Calder leaves without touching, recording, or taking anything. No clues planted or paid off. No reveals fired. End with Calder standing in the courtyard, not knowing if Lena will ever speak to him again.",
      "carries_to_next": "Calder has lost Lena's personal access. The relationship is over. Grant is panicking about the terminal access. The settlement is in seven days. Calder must now attend the settlement session as a formal witness, without knowing whether Lena will acknowledge him. The climax of the evidence trap — the false chain exposure — is set for Chapter Seventeen."
    },
    {
      "chapter": 17,
      "title": "The False Chain",
      "slug": "the-false-chain",
      "one_line_summary": "At the settlement session, Grant presents the envelope and false checklist as proof of abandonment; Lena makes him authenticate the document, then Calder produces the unedited footage that contradicts his false chain of custody.",
      "beat_summary": "The settlement session in the condominium community room. Present: Lena, Grant, Calder, Mae, unnamed mediator and legal staff. Cross is NOT inside the confidential session, already holding the duplicate evidence. Grant presents edited reports, the certified envelope, the false checklist, resident records, and his abandonment claim. He asserts the envelope was delivered, opened by Lena, then found in shared recycling, and that 'Friday key return' was her plan. Lena makes Grant formally confirm tracking number, clipped corner, checklist, phrase, and recycling-area custody — tying the document to his false chain. She asks Calder whether Grant ever used the phrase before delivery; Calder says no. Calder produces Grant's Chapter 12 instruction with the phrase, the original lobby footage of Grant taking the envelope, the matching handwritten timestamp, and the report that omitted the removal. Mae produces the printed access audit placing Grant's credential at Lena's unit during deleted intervals; Calder's originals restore them; the planner supplies physical timestamps. Grant tries to claim Calder fabricated the originals (contradicted by metadata, continuous log, contract, instructions, and the index already delivered to Cross) and that Mae forged the record (contradicted by the terminal verification code). The mediator halts the session; no transfer, no judgment, no physical attack; Cross takes custody afterward. Primary turn: Lena forces Grant to choose and defend the lie that exposes the whole system.",
      "must_happen": [
        "[ROMANCE] Calder enters the community room. Lena is already seated at the table. She does not look at him. She does not acknowledge him. Calder takes his seat across from Grant, feeling the weight of her silence. He understands: she is not ignoring him. She is preserving the separation. He is a witness now, not a partner.",
        "Grant presents the envelope, the false checklist, the resident records. 'She meant to abandon the property. The envelope proves it. She packed, she wrote a key-return plan, she dropped it in recycling.'",
        "Lena speaks for the first time: 'Let us confirm the document you are relying on.' She asks Grant to formally authenticate the tracking number, clipped corner, checklist, and unique phrase 'Friday key return.' Grant does so.",
        "Lena asks Grant to confirm his custody chain: 'You found this in the shared recycling area. You did not take it from my mailbox.' Grant confirms: 'Correct. I found it discarded.'",
        "Lena asks Calder: 'Did Grant ever use the phrase 'Friday key return' before the envelope was delivered?' Calder says no.",
        "Calder produces Grant's Chapter 12 instruction message containing the phrase. He produces the original lobby footage showing Grant removing the clipped envelope from Lena's mailbox. He produces the handwritten timestamp from his field notebook and the daily report that omitted the removal.",
        "Mae produces the printed access audit showing Grant's master credential was used during deleted intervals. Calder's originals restore the deleted footage. Lena's planner supplies the physical timestamps of each entry.",
        "Grant claims Calder fabricated the originals. Calder points to the metadata, continuous log, contract, instructions, and the evidence index already delivered to Cross.",
        "Grant claims Mae forged the audit. Mae points to the terminal verification code, which Grant cannot override.",
        "[PLANT C016] Grant formally authenticates the envelope, clipped corner, checklist, and unique phrase at the settlement. He asserts a false recycling-area custody chain.",
        "[REVEAL MR09] False chain exposure. Grant authenticates the envelope and asserts a false chain of custody. Calder's unedited footage contradicts him."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT include Cross inside the settlement session — she is outside, holding the duplicate.",
        "Do NOT include any physical confrontation, arrest, or judgment — the mediator halts the session.",
        "Do NOT re-fire MR08 or re-payoff C015 — those were completed in Chapter 15.",
        "Do NOT include any reconciliation between Calder and Lena — she does not acknowledge him during the session."
      ],
      "opens_with": "\"'Let us confirm the document you are relying on.' Lena's voice was calm, deliberate, the same tone she used when she touched the doorframe seal. She did not look at me. She did not look at Grant. She looked at the mediator, a middle-aged woman whose expression had not changed since we entered. 'The tracking number. The clipped corner. The checklist. The phrase. I want him to state, on the record, that he found this envelope in the shared recycling area.' Grant smiled. 'Of course. I found it discarded. She meant to leave.'\"",
      "cliffhanger": "The mediator halts the session. 'This session is suspended. No transfer, no judgment. The evidence will be turned over to the appropriate authority.' Grant's face goes pale. Lena does not look at him. She does not look at me. She stands, gathers her planner, and walks out without a word. The courtyard camera is still covered. The curtain is closed. I do not know if she will ever speak to me again.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "The terminal verification code on Mae's printed audit — Grant cannot override it because it is generated by the board terminal hardware, not the cloud dashboard.",
      "emotional_beat": "Calder fulfills his witness role without any hope of reconciliation; Lena does not acknowledge him, and he accepts that he may never be more than the man who helped her expose the truth.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "No spice — the chapter is a legal confrontation, not a romantic scene.",
      "chapter_task": "Write Chapter Seventeen — 1600-1900 words. Execute the beat 'The False Chain': The settlement session. Grant presents the envelope and false checklist. Lena makes him authenticate the document and assert a false recycling-area custody chain. Plant C016 using its exact semantic from clue_catalog. Fire MR09: 'False chain exposure. Grant authenticates the envelope and asserts a false chain of custody. Calder's unedited footage contradicts him.' Calder produces the footage, notebook, and Grant's instruction. Mae produces the audit. Grant claims fabrication; Calder and Mae counter with metadata, verification code, and the evidence index already delivered to Cross. The mediator halts the session. No transfer, no judgment, no physical attack. Cross takes custody afterward. End with Lena walking out without acknowledging Calder.",
      "carries_to_next": "The settlement session is suspended. Grant's false chain of custody has been exposed. Cross holds the evidence. Grant loses admin access. An independent condominium audit begins. Lena retains possession of the apartment. Calder has fulfilled his witness role. He does not know if Lena will ever speak to him again. The final chapter is about the aftermath and whether Lena chooses Calder after all dependencies end."
    },
    {
      "chapter": 18,
      "title": "The Open Curtain",
      "slug": "the-open-curtain",
      "one_line_summary": "After the settlement, Lena retains her apartment, Grant loses admin access, and Calder gives a full statement; only after the evidence no longer needs him does Lena ask Calder to return without recording equipment, choosing him without dependencies.",
      "beat_summary": "Verified aftermath: settlement suspended, Lena keeps possession, transfer blocked pending review, Grant loses admin access, an independent condominium audit begins. Cross verifies everything. Investigators pursue unlawful entry, mail interference, digital evidence tampering, coercive surveillance, and attempted fraud. Grant is not instantly convicted; divorce not finalized. Calder gives a full statement to Cross, admitting he withheld material and the personal relationship, accepting professional and legal scrutiny. He does not contact Lena. Days pass. Only after his evidence is transferred and his witness role no longer needs private access does Lena contact him — asking him to return without a camera, device, contract, report, or a promise she will forgive everything. She verifies the courtyard camera stays disconnected. Their second explicit encounter follows the established rules from Chapter Ten; Lena chooses when he enters, what he sees, what stays private, when the curtain stays open or closes. Later Mae gives Lena a sealed archived complaint about another condominium using the same security vendor, predating Grant's board role; Lena does not open it. Primary turn: Lena chooses Calder only after observation, evidence, and need no longer determine the relationship.",
      "must_happen": [
        "[ROMANCE] Lena contacts Calder. Not through a message. Not through Mae. She stands in the courtyard, looks at his window, and waits. Calder sees her. He goes down. She says: 'Come inside. Without your equipment. Without a contract. Without a report.' Calder nods. He disconnects the courtyard camera. He leaves his phone. He follows her inside.",
        "Calder gives a full statement to Cross: he admits withholding material, the personal relationship, his initial surveillance. Cross tells him he will face professional and legal scrutiny. Calder accepts.",
        "Lena retains possession of the apartment. Grant loses admin access. An independent condominium audit begins. Cross verifies everything and pursues unlawful entry, mail interference, digital evidence tampering, coercive surveillance, and attempted fraud.",
        "[ROMANCE] Inside Lena's apartment, she verifies the courtyard camera stays disconnected. 'The rules from Chapter Ten still apply,' she says. 'No recording device. No physical contact without a direct yes. Consent is withdrawable without negotiation. I control when this ends.' Calder agrees.",
        "Their second explicit encounter follows the established rules. Lena chooses when he enters, what he sees, what stays private, when the curtain stays open or closes.",
        "[ROMANCE] Afterward, Lena does not move away. She stays close, her hand on his chest. 'You gave up the evidence,' she says. 'You exposed yourself to Cross. You accepted my refusal in Chapter Sixteen. You did not contact me.' Calder nods. 'I did not want to decide for you.' Lena looks at him. 'That is why you are here.'",
        "Mae gives Lena a sealed archived complaint about another condominium using the same security vendor, predating Grant's board role. Lena does not open it. She places it in her planner. 'Not today,' she says.",
        "[PAYOFF C004] Calder's field notebook timestamp of the entry. Handwritten record independent of digital deletion.",
        "[PAYOFF C005] Certified envelope with false checklist and unique phrase 'Friday key return.' Lena mails it to herself, clips the lower-right corner, and records tracking.",
        "[PAYOFF C009] Lena's planner entry recording the unique phrase and tracking number. Establishes the phrase was in the envelope before Grant repeated it.",
        "[PAYOFF C010] Mae prints the local credential audit from the board terminal. Shows Grant's master credential was used during deleted intervals.",
        "[PAYOFF C016] Grant formally authenticates the envelope, clipped corner, checklist, and unique phrase at the settlement. He asserts a false recycling-area custody chain.",
        "[PAYOFF C017] Calder's unedited lobby footage shows Grant removing the same clipped envelope from Lena's mailbox.",
        "[PAYOFF C018] Postal tracking record for the certified envelope. Shows delivery to Lena's mailbox, not the recycling area.",
        "[PAYOFF C019] Calder's field notebook with timestamps of Grant's entry and envelope removal.",
        "[PAYOFF C020] The surveillance contract with Grant's instructions. Establishes Grant hired Calder to document instability.",
        "[PAYOFF C021] Mae's printed credential audit. Shows Grant's master credential was used during the intervals when footage was deleted.",
        "[PLANT C022] Lena asks Calder to return without recording equipment. She grants no unrestricted access and chooses when he enters, when he watches, and when the curtain closes.",
        "[PAYOFF C022] Lena asks Calder to return without recording equipment. She grants no unrestricted access and chooses when he enters, when he watches, and when the curtain closes.",
        "[REVEAL MR10] Lena chooses Calder without dependencies. She asks him to return without recording equipment after the settlement.",
        "[DISPEL RH04] The envelope Lena mails in Chapter Eight appears to be a genuine packing checklist and key-return plan. Revealed as a certified honeytoken containing false information and a unique phrase designed to expose mail interception."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT include Grant's conviction or divorce — the legal process continues off-page.",
        "Do NOT include Calder contacting Lena first — she initiates contact after the evidence is no longer dependent on him.",
        "Do NOT include Lena opening the sealed complaint from Mae — she places it in her planner for a future book.",
        "Do NOT re-fire MR09 or re-payoff C016 — those were completed in Chapter Seventeen."
      ],
      "opens_with": "\"'You can come inside.' Lena's voice was quiet, deliberate, the same tone she used when she touched the doorframe seal. She stood in the courtyard, looking at my window, waiting. I went down. I disconnected the camera. I left my phone on the table. I crossed the threshold without a contract, without a report, without a promise that she would forgive anything. 'The rules still apply,' she said. 'No recording device. No physical contact without a direct yes. I control when this ends.' I nodded. 'I know.' She stepped back. 'Then come inside.'\"",
      "cliffhanger": "Calder lies in Lena's bed, watching her sleep. The courtyard camera is disconnected. His phone is outside. He has no recording, no evidence, no report to file. He is just a man in a woman's apartment, and he does not know what he is allowed to keep. Lena stirs, opens her eyes, and looks at him. 'You are still here,' she says. It is not a question. It is a choice. Calder does not answer. He waits for her to decide.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "The sealed archived complaint Mae gives Lena — a manila envelope with a condominium logo, dated two years before Grant's board role, left unopened on Lena's kitchen counter.",
      "emotional_beat": "Calder accepts that he has no claim on Lena; he waits for her to choose him, knowing she may not, and that the waiting itself is the only proof he can offer.",
      "spice": 2,
      "spice_note": "One explicit encounter follows the established rules from Chapter Ten — Lena directs pace and boundaries. No recording, no power imbalance. Afterward, emotional vulnerability replaces physical intensity.",
      "chapter_task": "Write Chapter Eighteen — 1600-1900 words. Execute the beat 'The Open Curtain': Verified aftermath — settlement suspended, Lena keeps possession, Grant loses admin access, independent audit begins. Calder gives a full statement to Cross. Days pass. Lena contacts Calder and asks him to return without recording equipment. Their second explicit encounter follows the rules from Chapter Ten. Plant and payoff C022 using its exact semantic from clue_catalog. Payoff C004, C005, C009, C010, C016, C017, C018, C019, C020, C021, and C022 using their exact semantics from clue_catalog. Fire MR10: 'Lena chooses Calder without dependencies. She asks him to return without recording equipment after the settlement.' Dispel RH04. Mae gives Lena a sealed archived complaint; Lena does not open it. End with Calder waiting for Lena to decide whether he stays.",
      "carries_to_next": "The book ends. Lena retains her apartment. Grant faces investigation. Calder has given up sole custody of the evidence and accepted Lena's refusal to let him decide for her. Lena has chosen Calder after the dependencies ended. The sealed complaint from Mae is a thread for a potential future book, but Lena does not open it. The central question is answered: once Lena no longer needs Calder as a witness, she chooses him without dependencies."
    }
  ]
}
```
