{
  "act": [34, 36],
  "chapter_plans": [
    {
      "chapter": 34,
      "title": "The Weight of the First Stone",
      "slug": "the-weight-of-the-first-stone",
      "one_line_summary": "Nadia Cole relives every detail of her first kill — Julian Croft's staged boating accident — and the emotional and procedural weight of that night reshapes her resolve to finish Victor Rhodes.",
      "beat_summary": "Nadia Cole sits alone in the safe house, the confirmation text about the body still glowing on her phone. She opens a locked drawer and pulls out a worn manila folder — the original Julian Croft file, the one she thought she'd buried forever. She opens it. Inside: the boating accident report with the tampered fuel-line detail buried in the fine print (C002 paid off — exact semantic: 'A boating accident report from three years ago mentions Julian Croft's death — the report is clean, but a detail (e.g., the fuel line was tampered) is buried in the fine print.'); Mara Cole's diary entry, the one that mentions 'a developer who came to the house' (C005 paid off — exact semantic: 'Nadia's sister Mara's diary entry (found in a box) mentions a 'developer who came to the house' — a reference to Julian Croft, planting the origin connection.'); and a photograph of Julian Croft's yacht, the fuel line clearly recently replaced (C007 paid off — exact semantic: 'A photograph of Julian Croft's yacht shows a fuel line that looks recently replaced — a visual clue to the staged accident.'). Nadia Cole's thumb taps against her palm — the tic that a podcast listener once noticed and dismissed (C001 paid off — exact semantic: 'Nadia's thumb-tap tic is noticed by a listener in a podcast comment, but dismissed as a nervous habit — a subtle clue to her methodical nature.'). She closes her eyes and the night floods back: the drive to the marina, the cold metal of the wrench in her hand, the sound of Julian Croft's laughter as he boarded the yacht, the moment she cut the fuel line, the explosion that tore through the silence. She remembers the weight of the choice — the same weight she feels now. She opens her eyes and picks up her phone. She sends a message to Sasha Okafor: 'I need to see you. Tonight. The old diner.' She sends it. Then she calls Priya Anand. Priya Anand answers, her voice tight. Nadia Cole tells her: 'I'm going to finish this. I need the death certificate ready by tomorrow night.' Priya Anand is silent, then whispers: 'It's ready. I'll bring it to the diner.' Nadia Cole hangs up and stares at the photograph of Julian Croft's yacht. She whispers: 'I did this for Mara. I'll do it again for myself.' The chapter ends with MR05 revealed (exact semantic: 'Full origin reveal: Nadia's first kill — Julian Croft, killed in a staged boating accident — is shown in detail, including the emotional and procedural weight.').",
      "must_happen": [
        "Nadia Cole opens the manila folder containing the original Julian Croft file — she pulls out the boating accident report with the tampered fuel-line detail and pays off C002 (exact semantic: 'A boating accident report from three years ago mentions Julian Croft's death — the report is clean, but a detail (e.g., the fuel line was tampered) is buried in the fine print.')",
        "Nadia Cole reads Mara Cole's diary entry — the one mentioning 'a developer who came to the house' — and pays off C005 (exact semantic: 'Nadia's sister Mara's diary entry (found in a box) mentions a 'developer who came to the house' — a reference to Julian Croft, planting the origin connection.')",
        "Nadia Cole examines the photograph of Julian Croft's yacht with the recently replaced fuel line and pays off C007 (exact semantic: 'A photograph of Julian Croft's yacht shows a fuel line that looks recently replaced — a visual clue to the staged accident.')",
        "Nadia Cole's thumb taps against her palm — the tic that a podcast listener once noticed — paying off C001 (exact semantic: 'Nadia's thumb-tap tic is noticed by a listener in a podcast comment, but dismissed as a nervous habit — a subtle clue to her methodical nature.')",
        "The full origin reveal (MR05) unfolds: Nadia Cole remembers the night she killed Julian Croft — the drive to the marina, cutting the fuel line, the explosion — shown in detail with emotional and procedural weight (exact semantic: 'Full origin reveal: Nadia's first kill — Julian Croft, killed in a staged boating accident — is shown in detail, including the emotional and procedural weight.')",
        "Nadia Cole sends a message to Sasha Okafor requesting a meeting at the old diner tonight — she is setting the final plan in motion.",
        "Nadia Cole calls Priya Anand and tells her to bring the fake death certificate to the diner tomorrow night — Priya Anand confirms it is ready."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT show Victor Rhodes's perspective in this chapter — the focus is entirely on Nadia Cole's origin reveal and her internal resolve.",
        "Do NOT include any romance, attraction, intimacy, or [ROMANCE] — the emotional beat is grief, cold precision, and the weight of the first kill.",
        "Do NOT re-fire any clues already paid off (C008, C009, C010) or re-reveal any reveals already fired (MR04).",
        "Do NOT kill Victor Rhodes in this chapter — the final confrontation is chapter 36."
      ],
      "opens_with": "\"'You did this for Mara.' I whispered the words to the empty room, my hand resting on the worn manila folder. I'd buried this file three years ago, along with the guilt. But Victor Rhodes had dug it up. And now I had to look at it again.\" — Nadia Cole, internal, as she opens the Julian Croft file.",
      "cliffhanger": "Nadia Cole closes the manila folder and stands up. Her phone buzzes — a text from Sasha Okafor: 'I'll be at the diner in an hour. Bring the file. We have to move fast — Rhodes is already planning his next move.' Nadia Cole pockets the folder and grabs her keys. She knows that tonight, she will set the final trap. But she also knows that once she walks into that diner, there is no turning back.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "The photograph of Julian Croft's yacht shows a fuel line with a single crimp mark — a detail only the person who cut it would recognize. Nadia Cole runs her thumb over the spot, feeling the ghost of the wrench handle.",
      "emotional_beat": "Grief and cold resolve — Nadia Cole relives the trauma of her first kill, but instead of breaking, it sharpens her determination to finish Victor Rhodes.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "No romance; tension is plot-driven. Emotional beat is grief and cold precision.",
      "chapter_task": "Write 1600-1900 words. Pay off C001, C002, C005, and C007 (exact semantics from clue_catalog). Reveal MR05 (exact semantic from reveal_catalog) — the full origin of Nadia Cole's first kill, shown in detail. Show Nadia Cole opening the manila folder and reliving the night of Julian Croft's staged boating accident. End with her setting the meeting with Sasha Okafor and calling Priya Anand — the final plan is in motion.",
      "carries_to_next": "C001, C002, C005, C007 are paid off. MR05 is revealed. Nadia Cole has relived her first kill and is now resolved to finish Victor Rhodes. She has set a meeting with Sasha Okafor and Priya Anand at the old diner. Chapter 35 will show the network reuniting and the final plan being laid — the trap for Victor Rhodes."
    },
    {
      "chapter": 35,
      "title": "The Trap is Set",
      "slug": "the-trap-is-set",
      "one_line_summary": "Nadia Cole reunites with Sasha Okafor and Priya Anand at the old diner, lays the final plan to kill Victor Rhodes using the fake death certificate and a staged heart attack, and the network steels itself for the endgame.",
      "beat_summary": "Nadia Cole arrives at the old diner — the same one where she met the contact in chapter 30. Sasha Okafor is already there, sitting in the back booth, a laptop open in front of her. Priya Anand arrives minutes later, carrying a leather satchel. Nadia Cole sits down and places the Julian Croft file on the table. She tells them: 'This is what Rhodes has. This is what I did. And this is why I have to finish him.' Sasha Okafor stares at the file, then nods. 'I found a loophole. Rhodes's attorney has a second safe deposit box — the one with the real file. But the box is in his brother's name. If we can get the brother to sign a release, we can destroy the file before Rhodes dies.' Priya Anand says: 'I have the death certificate. It's ready. But we need a body — a John Doe from the morgue, someone who matches Rhodes's build.' Nadia Cole tells them she has the body — the contact from chapter 33 delivered it. Sasha Okafor says: 'Then the plan is simple. Tomorrow night, we stage Rhodes's heart attack at his house. Priya signs the death certificate. The body is swapped. Rhodes disappears, and the world thinks he died of natural causes. His attorney releases the dead-man's-switch file — but it's the wrong file, the one we planted.' Nadia Cole asks: 'What about the brother?' Sasha Okafor says: 'I have a contact who can get the brother to sign the release. It's risky, but it's the only way.' Nadia Cole stares at the table, then nods. 'Do it.' The chapter ends with the three women sitting in the diner, the plan laid out. Sasha Okafor closes her laptop and says: 'This is it, Nadia. Tomorrow night, we end this. Or we all go down.' Nadia Cole looks at her, then at Priya Anand. She says: 'We end this. For Mara. For Elise. For all of us.'",
      "must_happen": [
        "Nadia Cole reunites with Sasha Okafor and Priya Anand at the old diner — she places the Julian Croft file on the table and tells them the full truth about her first kill.",
        "Sasha Okafor reveals the loophole: Rhodes's brother has a second safe deposit box with the real file — if they can get the brother to sign a release, they can destroy the file before Rhodes dies.",
        "Priya Anand confirms the fake death certificate is ready — she needs a body that matches Rhodes's build; Nadia Cole tells her the body is secured.",
        "The plan is laid out: stage a heart attack at Rhodes's house, swap the body, sign the fake death certificate, and let Rhodes's attorney release the dead-man's-switch file — the wrong file, the one they planted.",
        "Sasha Okafor says she has a contact who can get Rhodes's brother to sign the release — it's risky, but it's the only way.",
        "The chapter ends with the three women agreeing to the plan — Sasha Okafor says 'This is it, Nadia. Tomorrow night, we end this. Or we all go down.' Nadia Cole says: 'We end this. For Mara. For Elise. For all of us.'"
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT show Victor Rhodes's perspective in this chapter — the focus is on the network reuniting and laying the final plan.",
        "Do NOT include any romance, attraction, intimacy, or [ROMANCE] — the emotional beat is cold calculation and the weight of the plan.",
        "Do NOT re-fire any clues already paid off (C001, C002, C005, C007) or re-reveal any reveals already fired (MR05).",
        "Do NOT kill Victor Rhodes in this chapter — the final confrontation is chapter 36."
      ],
      "opens_with": "\"'This is what Rhodes has.' I placed the Julian Croft file on the diner table, the worn manila folder landing with a soft thud. Sasha Okafor stared at it, her face unreadable. Priya Anand's hand trembled as she reached for it. 'This is what I did,' I said. 'And this is why I have to finish him.'\" — Nadia Cole, internal, as she reveals the file to her network.",
      "cliffhanger": "Nadia Cole's phone buzzes as she leaves the diner. A text from an unknown number: 'The brother signed. The file is destroyed. You have one clean shot — tomorrow night. Don't miss.' She stares at the message, her thumb pressed to her palm. The trap is set. The only thing left is to spring it.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "The diner's neon sign flickers — a bulb is dying, casting a strobe effect across the booth. Sasha Okafor's laptop screen glows in the intermittent light, the plan laid out in cold, clinical text.",
      "emotional_beat": "Cold resolve and the weight of the network's trust — Nadia Cole feels the burden of pulling her friends into the final move, but she knows there is no other way.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "No romance; tension is plot-driven. Emotional beat is the weight of the network's trust and the final plan.",
      "chapter_task": "Write 1600-1900 words. Show the reunion at the old diner — Nadia Cole revealing the Julian Croft file, Sasha Okafor outlining the loophole (brother's signature), Priya Anand confirming the death certificate. Show the plan being laid out: stage a heart attack, swap the body, sign the fake certificate, let the dead-man's-switch release the wrong file. End with the text from the unknown contact confirming the brother signed — the trap is set.",
      "carries_to_next": "The plan is set: stage a heart attack at Victor Rhodes's house, swap the body, sign the fake death certificate. The brother has signed the release, destroying the real file. Chapter 36 will show the final confrontation — Nadia Cole executes the plan, Victor Rhodes dies, but not cleanly."
    },
    {
      "chapter": 36,
      "title": "The Endgame",
      "slug": "the-endgame",
      "one_line_summary": "Nadia Cole executes the plan to kill Victor Rhodes — a staged heart attack, a swapped body, and a fake death certificate — but the confrontation leaves her wounded and the dead-man's-switch triggers a final twist.",
      "beat_summary": "Nadia Cole drives to Victor Rhodes's house at midnight. She parks a block away and checks her phone: a message from Sasha Okafor confirms the brother's safe deposit box is empty — the file is destroyed. She steps out of the car and walks to the house. The front door is unlocked — Victor Rhodes is expecting her. She steps inside. Victor Rhodes is sitting in his living room, a glass of whiskey in his hand. 'I knew you'd come,' he says. 'You don't know when to stop.' Nadia Cole tells him: 'This ends tonight, Victor. One way or another.' He laughs. 'You can't kill me, Nadia. The file is still out there.' Nadia Cole tells him the truth: the file is destroyed. His brother signed the release. The dead-man's-switch is dead. Victor Rhodes's face goes pale. He stands up, his hand reaching for a drawer. Nadia Cole moves faster. She injects him with a sedative — a fast-acting drug that will stop his heart in minutes. He collapses to the floor, his eyes wide. She watches him die. She doesn't look away. She calls Priya Anand and tells her to bring the body. Priya Anand arrives with the John Doe — a man who matches Victor Rhodes's build. They swap the bodies. Nadia Cole places Victor Rhodes's body in the trunk of her car. Priya Anand signs the fake death certificate, pronouncing the John Doe as Victor Rhodes, cause of death: heart attack. Nadia Cole drives away, Victor Rhodes's body in the trunk. She stops at a remote location and disposes of the body — a deep grave in the woods, unmarked. She returns to the safe house and calls Sasha Okafor. 'It's done,' she says. Sasha Okafor is silent, then says: 'The attorney just released the dead-man's-switch file. But it was the wrong one — the one we planted. The world thinks Rhodes died of a heart attack, and the file is a decoy. You're safe.' Nadia Cole hangs up and stares at the wall. She whispers: 'It's done.' But as she reaches for her phone, she notices a flash drive on the table — one she didn't leave there. She picks it up. It's labeled: 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT.' She plugs it in. The file opens. It's the real file — the one with annotations linking the accident to her. C011 is planted (exact semantic: 'A flash drive found in Rhodes's safe contains a single file: 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT' with annotations that link the accident to Nadia.'). She realizes: Victor Rhodes had a second dead-man's-switch — a flash drive delivered to her safe house after his death. The trap is still active. The chapter ends with Nadia Cole staring at the screen, her thumb pressed to her palm. She whispers: 'He planned for everything. Even his own death.'",
      "must_happen": [
        "Nadia Cole drives to Victor Rhodes's house at midnight — she injects him with a fast-acting sedative that stops his heart, and he dies on the floor.",
        "Nadia Cole calls Priya Anand to bring the John Doe body — they swap the bodies, and Priya Anand signs the fake death certificate, pronouncing the John Doe as Victor Rhodes (cause of death: heart attack).",
        "Nadia Cole disposes of Victor Rhodes's body in a remote location — a deep grave in the woods, unmarked.",
        "Nadia Cole calls Sasha Okafor and confirms the plan worked — Sasha Okafor says the dead-man's-switch file was released, but it was the decoy file they planted.",
        "Nadia Cole finds a flash drive on her table — labeled 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT' — and opens it, revealing the real file with annotations linking the accident to her (C011 planted — exact semantic: 'A flash drive found in Rhodes's safe contains a single file: 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT' with annotations that link the accident to Nadia.').",
        "The chapter ends with Nadia Cole realizing Victor Rhodes had a second dead-man's-switch — the flash drive was delivered to her safe house after his death, and the trap is still active."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT show Victor Rhodes's perspective during the kill — the focus is on Nadia Cole's actions and her cold precision.",
        "Do NOT include any romance, attraction, intimacy, or [ROMANCE] — the emotional beat is cold precision and the weight of the kill.",
        "Do NOT re-fire any clues already paid off (C001, C002, C005, C007) or re-reveal any reveals already fired (MR05).",
        "Do NOT reveal the full contents of the flash drive — C011 is planted here, but its payoff is chapter 38 (MR06)."
      ],
      "opens_with": "\"'I knew you'd come, Nadia.' Victor Rhodes's voice was calm, almost bored, as he sat in his leather chair, a glass of whiskey in his hand. 'You don't know when to stop.' I stepped into the light, the syringe hidden in my palm. 'I know exactly when to stop, Victor. Right now.'\" — Nadia Cole, internal, as she enters Victor Rhodes's house.",
      "cliffhanger": "Nadia Cole stares at the flash drive in her hand, the file open on her laptop. The annotations are clear — Victor Rhodes had documented every detail of her first kill. She scrolls to the bottom of the file. There's a note: 'If you're reading this, Nadia, then I'm dead. And you've already lost. This file is with my attorney, who will release it to the press in 48 hours if I don't check in. Tick tock.' She drops the flash drive, her hand shaking. The dead-man's-switch is still active. And she has 48 hours to stop it.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "The flash drive is silver, with a single scratch on the casing — a mark Nadia Cole recognizes from Victor Rhodes's desk drawer. He left it for her deliberately.",
      "emotional_beat": "Cold precision followed by the shock of the twist — Nadia Cole executes the kill with clinical detachment, but the discovery of the second dead-man's-switch shatters her relief.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "No romance; tension is plot-driven. Emotional beat is cold precision and the shock of the twist.",
      "chapter_task": "Write 1600-1900 words. Show the kill: Nadia Cole injects Victor Rhodes with the sedative, watches him die, swaps the body with Priya Anand, signs the fake death certificate, and disposes of the body. Show the call with Sasha Okafor confirming the decoy file was released. End with the discovery of the flash drive — C011 planted (exact semantic from clue_catalog: 'A flash drive found in Rhodes's safe contains a single file: 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT' with annotations that link the accident to Nadia.') — and the realization that the dead-man's-switch is still active.",
      "carries_to_next": "Victor Rhodes is dead, but the second dead-man's-switch is active — a flash drive with the real Julian Croft file will be released to the press in 48 hours. C011 is planted. Chapter 37 will show Nadia Cole racing to stop the second dead-man's-switch before the file goes public."
    }
  ]
}