```json
{
  "act": [28, 30],
  "chapter_plans": [
    {
      "chapter": 28,
      "title": "The Betrayer Unmasked",
      "slug": "the-betrayer-unmasked",
      "one_line_summary": "Nadia Cole confirms Wren Delgado is the leak, pays off C008 and C009, dispels RH02, and faces the full weight of the network betrayal — then Victor Rhodes reveals his dead-man's-switch, flipping her false victory into a trap.",
      "beat_summary": "Nadia Cole stares at the 3:17 AM access log on her phone — Wren Delgado accessed the decoy file. She opens the encrypted file and sees the exact timestamp matching the previous unusual download. She now has concrete evidence: C009 is paid off (exact semantic: 'Wren Delgado's encrypted file access logs show an unusual download at 3 AM — a clue that the hacker may be the leak, or that someone else is using Wren's credentials.'). She scrolls to the text message from an unknown number that Victor Rhodes received — the one containing details about her private schedule. She cross-references the phrasing with Wren Delgado's typical writing style in their encrypted chats. It matches. C008 is paid off (exact semantic: 'A text message from an unknown number to Rhodes contains details about Nadia's private schedule — only a network member would know this.'). Nadia Cole calls Sasha Okafor and tells her: 'It's Wren. I have proof.' Sasha Okafor is silent for a long moment, then says: 'I'll start the containment protocol. But Nadia — this changes everything.' Nadia Cole hangs up and calls Wren Delgado. The call goes straight to voicemail. She tries again. Nothing. Wren Delgado is gone — she has already covered her tracks. Nadia Cole receives a notification from a rival podcaster's Twitter account: 'Just got a tip that @NadiaCole has a dark secret. Digging in.' She recognizes the phrasing — it's from Wren Delgado's burner account. RH02 is dispelled (exact semantic: 'A rival podcaster starts digging into Nadia's past, hinting at a 'dark secret' — the reader suspects the rival will uncover the first kill, but the rival's investigation is a dead end (they find nothing concrete).'). The rival podcaster's investigation is a dead end — Wren Delgado fed them false information to create chaos. Nadia Cole's phone buzzes. A text from Victor Rhodes: 'I know you found the leak. But you're too late. I've already sent the file to my attorney. If anything happens to me, it goes to the press. Check your email.' Nadia Cole opens her email. There's a single message from an unknown address with an attachment: a PDF titled 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT.' She doesn't open it. She knows what it is. The false victory of identifying the leak flips — Victor Rhodes has a dead-man's-switch, and her first kill evidence is already in motion. MR04 is revealed (exact semantic: 'The network betrayal: one of the three (Sasha, Priya, or Wren) leaks information to Rhodes or an outside party, causing a major setback for Nadia.'). The chapter ends with Nadia Cole staring at the email, her thumb pressed to her palm. She whispers: 'He knew I'd find the leak. He planned for it. And now I can't touch him without destroying myself.'",
      "opens_with": "\"'3:17 AM. File accessed: decoy_rhodes_plan_v2. User: Wren Delgado.' I read the log three times, each word a confirmation. The leak wasn't a theory anymore — it was a name. And that name was the person I trusted most with my secrets.\" — Nadia Cole, internal, as she stares at the access log.",
      "cliffhanger": "Nadia Cole's phone buzzes again. A new text from Victor Rhodes: 'Don't bother trying to find my attorney. He's already left the country. The file is in a safety deposit box with instructions to release it on the first of next month. Tick tock, Nadia.' She drops the phone, her hand shaking. She has thirty days to finish Victor Rhodes before her first kill evidence goes public — but if she kills him, the dead-man's-switch triggers immediately.",
      "must_happen": [
        "Nadia Cole confirms Wren Delgado is the leak by cross-referencing the 3:17 AM access log (C009 paid off — exact semantic: 'Wren Delgado's encrypted file access logs show an unusual download at 3 AM — a clue that the hacker may be the leak, or that someone else is using Wren's credentials.') with the text message Victor Rhodes received (C008 paid off — exact semantic: 'A text message from an unknown number to Rhodes contains details about Nadia's private schedule — only a network member would know this.'), matching the phrasing to Wren Delgado's writing style.",
        "Nadia Cole calls Sasha Okafor and tells her the leak is Wren Delgado — Sasha Okafor is silent, then says she'll start the containment protocol, acknowledging the network betrayal.",
        "Nadia Cole calls Wren Delgado but gets voicemail — Wren Delgado has already covered her tracks and gone dark, confirming the betrayal is complete.",
        "Nadia Cole receives a notification from a rival podcaster's Twitter account — the rival claims to have a tip about Nadia's 'dark secret,' but the investigation is a dead end (RH02 dispelled — exact semantic: 'A rival podcaster starts digging into Nadia's past, hinting at a 'dark secret' — the reader suspects the rival will uncover the first kill, but the rival's investigation is a dead end (they find nothing concrete).'), revealing Wren Delgado fed the rival false information.",
        "Nadia Cole receives a text from Victor Rhodes confirming he has sent the Julian Croft file to his attorney with a dead-man's-switch — the false victory of identifying the leak flips, and MR04 is revealed (exact semantic: 'The network betrayal: one of the three (Sasha, Priya, or Wren) leaks information to Rhodes or an outside party, causing a major setback for Nadia.').",
        "Nadia Cole receives an email with a PDF titled 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT' — she doesn't open it, but she knows Victor Rhodes has her first kill evidence and has set a deadline (thirty days before it goes public)."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT show Victor Rhodes's perspective in this chapter — the focus is on Nadia Cole's confirmation of the betrayal and the dead-man's-switch reveal.",
        "Do NOT include any romance, attraction, intimacy, or [ROMANCE] — the emotional beat is cold fury and the weight of the trap.",
        "Do NOT open the PDF or reveal the full contents of the Julian Croft file — the first kill evidence is not fully revealed until MR05 (chapter 34).",
        "Do NOT re-fire any clues already paid off (C004, C006) or re-dispel any red herrings already dispelled (RH01, RH03)."
      ],
      "carries_to_next": "C008 and C009 are paid off. RH02 is dispelled. MR04 is revealed. Wren Delgado is confirmed as the leak and has gone dark. Victor Rhodes has revealed his dead-man's-switch — Nadia Cole has thirty days before her first kill evidence goes public, but killing him triggers the switch immediately. Chapter 29 will show Nadia Cole weighing the impossible choice: finish Rhodes and destroy herself, or let him live and watch him destroy her network.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "Nadia Cole notices a single typo in Wren Delgado's text message to Victor Rhodes — 'scedule' instead of 'schedule' — the same typo Wren Delgado made in their first encrypted chat years ago, a fingerprint of betrayal.",
      "emotional_beat": "Cold fury mixed with grief — Nadia Cole trusted Wren Delgado with her life, and that trust has been weaponized against her. The betrayal is a wound that cuts deeper than any physical threat.",
      "spice": 1,
      "spice_note": "No romance; tension is plot-driven. Tension is the cold fury of betrayal and the weight of the dead-man's-switch.",
      "chapter_task": "Write 1600-1900 words. Pay off C008 and C009 (exact semantics from clue_catalog). Dispel RH02 (exact semantic from red_herring_catalog). Reveal MR04 (exact semantic from reveal_catalog). Show Nadia Cole confirming Wren Delgado is the leak through the access log and text message cross-reference. Show the call with Sasha Okafor and the failed call to Wren Delgado. Show the rival podcaster notification (RH02 dispelled). End with Victor Rhodes's text and email revealing the dead-man's-switch — the false victory flips. Do not open the PDF. Do not include romance."
    },
    {
      "chapter": 29,
      "title": "The Weight of the Choice",
      "slug": "the-weight-of-the-choice",
      "one_line_summary": "Nadia Cole weighs the impossible choice — finish Victor Rhodes and trigger the dead-man's-switch, or let him live and watch him destroy her network — while the cost of her war surfaces in the fragments of the origin wound.",
      "beat_summary": "Nadia Cole sits alone in the safe house, the email still open on her laptop. She stares at the PDF title — 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT.' She doesn't open it. She can't. The file is a bomb, and Victor Rhodes has already armed it. She calls Sasha Okafor and tells her about the dead-man's-switch. Sasha Okafor is silent for a long moment, then says: 'You have two options. Kill him and the file goes public. Let him live and he'll destroy the network. There's no third option, Nadia.' Nadia Cole hangs up and calls Priya Anand. Priya Anand answers, her voice shaky. She asks if Nadia is okay. Nadia Cole tells her about Wren Delgado. Priya Anand is silent, then whispers: 'I trusted her. We all did.' Nadia Cole tells Priya Anand to prepare the secondary medical record — the fake death certificate — but to hold it until she gives the word. Priya Anand agrees, but her voice is tight with fear. Nadia Cole hangs up and opens a drawer in the safe house. She pulls out a photograph of Mara Cole — her sister, the origin wound. She stares at the photograph, and the fragments of the origin surface: the day Mara Cole didn't come home, the trial where Julian Croft walked free, the rage that turned into a plan. She whispers: 'I did this for you, Mara. And now it's going to destroy me.' The chapter ends with Nadia Cole putting the photograph back in the drawer and closing it. She picks up her phone and types a message to Sasha Okafor: 'I need a way to kill Rhodes without triggering the switch. Find me a loophole.' She sends it. Then she opens a new message to an unknown number — a burner phone she controls — and types: 'I need a meeting. The old place. Tomorrow night.' She sends it. The chapter ends with Nadia Cole staring at the wall, the weight of the choice pressing down on her.",
      "opens_with": "\"'You have two options. Kill him and the file goes public. Let him live and he'll destroy the network. There's no third option, Nadia.' Sasha's voice was flat, clinical, but I heard the exhaustion underneath. She was right. There was no third option. But I was going to find one anyway.\" — Nadia Cole, internal, as she processes the dead-man's-switch.",
      "cliffhanger": "Nadia Cole's phone buzzes. A text from the unknown number: 'Tomorrow night. The old place. Don't be late.' She stares at the message, her thumb pressed to her palm. She doesn't know who she's meeting — a contact from her past, someone who might have a way out. But she knows one thing: if this meeting fails, she has no options left.",
      "must_happen": [
        "Nadia Cole sits alone in the safe house, staring at the email with the PDF title 'JULIAN CROFT — BOATING ACCIDENT — FULL REPORT' — she doesn't open it, but the weight of the dead-man's-switch is crushing.",
        "Nadia Cole calls Sasha Okafor and tells her about the dead-man's-switch — Sasha Okafor outlines the two options (kill Rhodes and trigger the switch, or let him live and destroy the network), confirming there is no third option.",
        "Nadia Cole calls Priya Anand and tells her about Wren Delgado — Priya Anand is shaken, whispering that she trusted Wren Delgado, and the emotional cost of the betrayal surfaces.",
        "Nadia Cole tells Priya Anand to prepare the secondary medical record (fake death certificate) but to hold it until she gives the word — Priya Anand agrees, her voice tight with fear.",
        "Nadia Cole opens a drawer and pulls out a photograph of Mara Cole — the origin wound surfaces in fragments (the day Mara Cole didn't come home, the trial where Julian Croft walked free, the rage that turned into a plan), deepening the emotional weight of the choice.",
        "Nadia Cole sends a message to Sasha Okafor asking for a loophole — a way to kill Victor Rhodes without triggering the dead-man's-switch.",
        "Nadia Cole sends a message to an unknown number (a burner phone she controls) requesting a meeting at 'the old place' tomorrow night — she is reaching out to a contact from her past, setting up the next move."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT reveal the full details of the first kill (Julian Croft) — the origin fragments are emotional, not procedural (MR05 is chapter 34).",
        "Do NOT show Victor Rhodes's perspective in this chapter — the focus is on Nadia Cole's internal struggle and the weight of the choice.",
        "Do NOT include any romance, attraction, intimacy, or [ROMANCE] — the emotional beat is grief, rage, and the weight of the impossible choice.",
        "Do NOT open the PDF or reveal the full contents of the Julian Croft file."
      ],
      "carries_to_next": "Nadia Cole has reached out to a contact from her past for a meeting. Sasha Okafor is searching for a loophole. Chapter 30 will show the meeting with the contact and the planting of C010 (the dead-man's-switch trigger at Rhodes's attorney's office).",
      "signature_detail_hint": "Nadia Cole notices a crack in the photograph of Mara Cole — a crease that wasn't there before, as if the weight of the choice is physically damaging the last tangible connection to her sister.",
      "emotional_beat": "Grief and rage — the origin wound surfaces as Nadia Cole stares at Mara Cole's photograph, remembering why she started this war. The impossible choice is a test of her resolve: finish Rhodes and lose everything, or let him live and watch him destroy what she built.",
      "spice": 1,
      "spice_note": "No romance; tension is plot-driven. Tension is the weight of the impossible choice and the emotional cost of the origin wound.",
      "chapter_task": "Write 1600-1900 words. Show Nadia Cole's internal struggle with the dead-man's-switch. Show the calls with Sasha Okafor (two options) and Priya Anand (emotional cost of betrayal). Show the origin fragments through the photograph of Mara Cole (do not reveal full first kill details). Show the messages to Sasha Okafor (asking for a loophole) and the unknown number (requesting a meeting). End with the cliffhanger — the meeting is set for tomorrow night. Do not include romance."
    },
    {
      "chapter": 30,
      "title": "The Old Place",
      "slug": "the-old-place",
      "one_line_summary": "Nadia Cole meets a contact from her past who offers a dangerous solution to the dead-man's-switch, plants C010 at Rhodes's attorney's office, and faces the full cost of her war — the choice is no longer theoretical.",
      "beat_summary": "Nadia Cole arrives at the old place — a rundown diner on the outskirts of the city, the same diner where she met her network for the first time years ago. She sits in a booth and waits. A woman slides into the seat across from her — a former associate from her early days, someone who knows the underground. The woman's name is not given; she is referred to only as 'the contact.' The contact says: 'I heard you have a problem. A dead-man's-switch.' Nadia Cole nods. The contact says: 'There's a way. But it's ugly. You need to get to the attorney's office before the file is moved. There's a sealed envelope there — if you destroy it, the switch is broken. But the attorney's office is locked down. You'll need a distraction.' Nadia Cole asks what kind of distraction. The contact says: 'A fire. A small one. Enough to trigger the sprinklers and flood the office. The envelope is in a safe in the partner's office — the water will destroy it.' Nadia Cole stares at the contact. She knows the cost: a fire means an investigation, and an investigation means exposure. But it's the only option. She thanks the contact and leaves. She calls Sasha Okafor and tells her the plan. Sasha Okafor is silent, then says: 'I'll find someone who can start a fire. But Nadia — this is a one-way door. Once you do this, there's no going back.' Nadia Cole hangs up and drives to the attorney's office. She watches from across the street as a figure — someone Sasha Okafor sent — enters the building. Minutes later, the fire alarm goes off. The sprinklers activate. Nadia Cole watches as water floods the office. She knows the sealed envelope is being destroyed. C010 is planted (exact semantic: 'Rhodes's attorney's office receives a sealed envelope with instructions to release it upon his death — the dead-man's-switch trigger.'). But she also knows that the fire will draw attention — Victor Rhodes will know she made a move. The chapter ends with Nadia Cole driving away from the attorney's office, her phone buzzing. A text from Victor Rhodes: 'Nice try, Nadia. But I have copies. Did you really think I'd only have one?' She drops the phone, her thumb pressed to her palm. The dead-man's-switch is still active. The choice is still impossible. She whispers: 'He planned for this. He planned for everything. And I'm running out of time.'",
      "opens_with": "\"'I heard you have a problem. A dead-man's-switch.' The woman across from me was a ghost from my past — someone who knew the underground, who owed me a favor from a life I'd left behind. She didn't give her name. I didn't ask. 'There's a way,' she said. 'But it's ugly.'\" — Nadia Cole, internal, as she meets the contact at the old diner.",
      "cliffhanger": "Nadia Cole's phone buzzes as she drives away from the attorney's office. A text from Victor Rhodes: 'Nice try, Nadia. But I have copies. Did you really think I'd only have one? The real file is in a safety deposit box with my brother's name on it. You can't burn every building in the city.' She slams her hand on the steering wheel. The dead-man's-switch is still active. She has thirty days, and Victor Rhodes has already planned for her every move.",
      "must_happen": [
        "Nadia Cole meets a contact from her past at a rundown diner ('the old place') — the contact offers a dangerous solution to the dead-man's-switch: start a fire at the attorney's office to destroy the sealed envelope containing the Julian Croft file.",
        "The contact explains the plan: a small fire will trigger the sprinklers, flooding the office and destroying the sealed envelope in the partner's safe — but the fire will draw attention and expose Nadia Cole's network.",
        "Nadia Cole calls Sasha Okafor and tells her the plan — Sasha Okafor says she'll find someone to start the fire, but warns that this is a one-way door.",
        "Nadia Cole watches from across the street as the fire alarm goes off and the sprinklers activate at the attorney's office — C010 is planted (exact semantic: 'Rhodes's attorney's office receives a sealed envelope with instructions to release it upon his death — the dead-man's-switch trigger.'), but the envelope is destroyed by the water.",
        "Nadia Cole receives a text from Victor Rhodes revealing he has copies of the file — the dead-man's-switch is still active, and the false hope of the fire is crushed.",
        "The chapter ends with Nadia Cole realizing Victor Rhodes has planned for every move — she is running out of time, and the choice is still impossible."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Do NOT reveal the name or full identity of the contact — she is a ghost from Nadia Cole's past, and her identity is not important for this scene.",
        "Do NOT show Victor Rhodes's perspective in this chapter — the focus is on Nadia Cole's meeting with the contact and the planting of C010.",
        "Do NOT include any romance, attraction, intimacy, or [ROMANCE] — the emotional beat is cold calculation and the weight of the impossible choice.",
        "Do NOT re-fire any clues already paid off (C008, C009) or re-reveal any reveals already fired (MR04)."
      ],
      "carries_to_next": "C010 is planted (the dead-man's-switch trigger at Rhodes's attorney's office). The fire destroyed one copy, but Victor Rhodes has others. Nadia Cole has thirty days and is running out of options. Chapter 31 will show Nadia Cole's next move — a direct confrontation with Victor Rhodes or a desperate plan to finish him before the deadline.",
      "signature_detail_hint": "Nadia Cole notices a crack in the diner's window — a bullet hole from years ago, patched with tape, a reminder of the violence that follows her everywhere.",
      "emotional_beat": "Cold calculation mixed with desperation — Nadia Cole knows she is running out of time, and the fire was a gamble that failed. The weight of the impossible choice presses down on her as she realizes Victor Rhodes has planned for every move.",
      "spice": 1,
      "spice_note": "No romance; tension is plot-driven. Tension is the failed fire gambit and the crushing realization that Victor Rhodes has planned for everything.",
      "chapter_task": "Write 1600-1900 words. Show Nadia Cole's meeting with the contact at the old diner — the contact offers a dangerous solution (fire at the attorney's office). Show the call with Sasha Okafor to arrange the fire. Show C010 planted (exact semantic from clue_catalog: 'Rhodes's attorney's office receives a sealed envelope with instructions to release it upon his death — the dead-man's-switch trigger.') as the fire triggers the sprinklers. End with Victor Rhodes's text revealing he has copies — the dead-man's-switch is still active. Do not include romance."
    }
  ]
}
```