{
  "act": [10, 10],
  "chapter_plans": [
    {
      "chapter": 10,
      "title": "The Inheritance",
      "slug": "ch10-inheritance",
      "one_line_summary": "The will-signing trap springs; the wife's plan unravels when the housekeeper uses the hidden camera footage to force a standoff, but the husband dies, and the housekeeper walks away bound to a secret that could destroy her.",
      "beat_summary": "TRUE REVEAL via a planted object/document — the wife engineered the entire hire to frame her. Case closes: who framed whom, who dies. The housekeeper survives, bound to a destroying secret. Book-2 hook: evidence she thought she destroyed resurfaces.",
      "must_happen": [
        "The will-signing takes place in the husband's study; the wife produces a forged document claiming the husband signed everything to her, and produces the original camera footage to show the housekeeper as the aggressor.",
        "The housekeeper reveals the locket's hidden compartment containing the copied footage, exposing the wife planting the bloody shirt and her true plan.",
        "In the ensuing struggle, the husband is shot (by the wife or by accident — ambiguous), and the wife dies from a fall down the stairs (the housekeeper pushes her in self-defense).",
        "The housekeeper destroys the original footage and the locket copy, leaving no proof of her own involvement, but the husband's last words reveal a second hidden safe with documents that implicate the housekeeper's past.",
        "The housekeeper walks away from the estate as the sole survivor, but she knows the documents in the safe will surface someday — she is now bound to a secret that could destroy her."
      ],
      "must_not": [
        "Must not reveal the exact contents of the husband's hidden safe documents — only imply they connect to the housekeeper's criminal past.",
        "Must not show the housekeeper being arrested or caught — she survives and escapes, but is trapped by the knowledge of the safe."
      ],
      "opens_with": "Lydia smiled as she placed the will on the desk. 'Sign it, Marcus. You know it's the only way.' The pen trembled in his hand. I watched from the corner, the locket cold against my chest. I had one move left.",
      "cliffhanger": "I stepped out of the estate into the cold night air. The sirens were distant. I had the locket in my pocket — empty now. But as I reached the gate, my phone buzzed. A text from an unknown number: 'I know what you did. I have the safe.'",
      "signature_detail_hint": "The locket's hidden compartment is still warm from the footage card — the housekeeper can feel the phantom heat against her chest as she walks away.",
      "emotional_beat": "Relief laced with dread — the housekeeper survived, but the cost is a permanent chain. She is free, but she will never be safe. The bond she felt with the wife is replaced by cold clarity: she was a pawn, and now she is a fugitive of her own making.",
      "spice": 0,
      "spice_note": "",
      "chapter_task": "Write Chapter 10 (1600-1900 words). Deliver the TRUE REVEAL: the wife's plan is exposed via the locket footage. Resolve the central con: who framed whom (the wife framed the housekeeper), who dies (the wife and the husband). The housekeeper survives but is now bound to a secret (the safe documents). End with the Book-2 hook: the text from an unknown number. Maintain the housekeeper's first-person POV and the tense, claustrophobic atmosphere of the estate.",
      "carries_to_next": "The housekeeper is now a fugitive with a secret that could destroy her. Book 2 will follow her attempt to retrieve or destroy the safe documents before the unknown texter exposes her."
    }
  ]
}